11. Errors
***************

11.1 Basics
------

PHP reports errors in response to a number of internal error conditions. These may be used to signal a number of different conditions, and can be displayed and/or logged as required.

Every error that PHP generates includes a type. A [list of these types](errorfunc.constants.html) is available, along with a short description of their behaviour and how they can be caused.

### Handling errors with PHP

If no error handler is set, then PHP will handle any errors that occur according to its configuration. Which errors are reported and which are ignored is controlled by the [`error_reporting`](errorfunc.configuration.html#ini.error-reporting) php.ini directive, or at runtime by calling [error\_reporting()](function.error-reporting.html). It is strongly recommended that the configuration directive be set, however, as some errors can occur before execution of your script begins.

In a development environment, you should always set [`error_reporting`](errorfunc.configuration.html#ini.error-reporting) to **`E_ALL`**, as you need to be aware of and fix the issues raised by PHP. In production, you may wish to set this to a less verbose level such as `E_ALL & ~E_NOTICE & ~E_STRICT & ~E_DEPRECATED`, but in many cases **`E_ALL`** is also appropriate, as it may provide early warning of potential issues.

What PHP does with these errors depends on two further php.ini directives. [`display_errors`](errorfunc.configuration.html#ini.display-errors) controls whether the error is shown as part of the script's output. This should always be disabled in a production environment, as it can include confidential information such as database passwords, but is often useful to enable in development, as it ensures immediate reporting of issues.

In addition to displaying errors, PHP can log errors when the [`log_errors`](errorfunc.configuration.html#ini.log-errors) directive is enabled. This will log any errors to the file or syslog defined by [`error_log`](errorfunc.configuration.html#ini.error-log). This can be extremely useful in a production environment, as you can log errors that occur and then generate reports based on those errors.

### User error handlers

If PHP's default error handling is inadequate, you can also handle many types of error with your own custom error handler by installing it with [set\_error\_handler()](function.set-error-handler.html). While some error types cannot be handled this way, those that can be handled can then be handled in the way that your script sees fit: for example, this can be used to show a custom error page to the user and then report more directly than via a log, such as by sending an e-mail.

11.2 PHP 7 错误处理
----------

PHP 7 改变了大多数错误的报告方式。不同于传统（PHP 5）的错误报告机制，现在大多数错误被作为 **Error** 异常抛出。

这种 **Error** 异常可以像 [Exception](class.exception.html) 异常一样被第一个匹配的 _try_ / _catch_ 块所捕获。如果没有匹配的 [_catch_](language.exceptions.html#language.exceptions.catch) 块，则调用异常处理函数（事先通过 [set\_exception\_handler()](function.set-exception-handler.html) 注册）进行处理。 如果尚未注册异常处理函数，则按照传统方式处理：被报告为一个致命错误（Fatal Error）。

**Error** 类并非继承自 [Exception](class.exception.html) 类，所以不能用 `catch (Exception $e) { ... }` 来捕获 **Error**。你可以用 `catch (Error $e) { ... }`，或者通过注册异常处理函数（ [set\_exception\_handler()](function.set-exception-handler.html)）来捕获 **Error**。

### **Error** 层次结构

*   **Throwable**
    *   **Error**
        *   **ArithmeticError**
            *   **DivisionByZeroError**
        *   **AssertionError**
        *   **CompileError**
            *   **ParseError**
        *   **TypeError**
            *   **ArgumentCountError**
    *   [Exception](class.exception.html)
        *   ...

